0. - make the foundation and/ or the electoral participation of new parties practically impossible, because such parties do not receive public funding right from the start and occasionally private funding is prohibited.
Nom : election participation of new parties
OVM : new parties participate in elections

1. A chorus illuminates the significance of events and is told to "sing . . . after the manner of choruses in oratorios." (The work also uses a peasant chorus and some choral responses by the characters .) The music is to be "functional" and to include fanfares and alarm bells.
Nom : chorus responses by the characters
OVM : the characters respond in chorus

2. A closer look at the study's methodology reveals questions about cultural definitions of rape , the study's sample size, survey design, and linguistic accuracy, all of which highlights ongoing challenges in trying to quantify the prevalence of rape.
Nom : culture definitions of rape
MVO : culture defines rape

3. A legal requirement for minimum air-quality standards eventually led to the introduction of more ventilation.
Nom : law requirement for minimum air-quality standards
MVO : the law requires minimum air-quality standards

4. According to Professor Van den Bulte, this is the first ever study published on the financial evaluation of customer referral programs .
Nom : finance evaluation of customer referral programs
VMO : evaluate the finances of customer referral programs

5. According to the Outreach Program for Science in Andalusia, Andalusia contributes 14 percent of Spain's scientific production behind only Madrid and Catalonia among the autonomous communities, even though regional investment in research and development (R&D) as a proportion of GDP is below the national average.
Nom : region investment in research and development
MVO : the region invests in research and development

6. Administration was based on the racial separation of the population between the Republics of Spaniards, Indians and Mestizos, autonomous and directly dependent on the king himself.
Nom : race separation of the population
VOM : separate the population by race

7. After World War I, the social democrats initiated the municipal construction of housing estates ("Gemeindebauten") in Hernals.
Nom : municipality construction of housing estates
MVO : the municipality constructs housing estates

8. Albania achieved a degree of statehood after World War I, in part because of the diplomatic intercession of the United States.
Nom : diplomacy intercession of the United States
OVM : the United States intercede through diplomacy

9. Also missing were sections on the ecological effects of global warming and its impact on human health, a temperature record for the last millennium and sentences calling for research into global warming.
Nom : ecology effects of global warming
OVM : global warming affects ecology

10. An extensive and colorful physical description of the Buddha has been laid down in scriptures.
Nom : physique description of the Buddha
VMO : describe the physique of the Buddha

11. And while it is by no means exclusively a Canadian political phenomenon, the decline in electoral participation by young adults is more steel in Canada than in other advanced democracies." Can newspapers be independent from dominant values that Robert A. Hackett argues to influence young audiences?
Nom : election participation by young adults
OVM : young adults participate in elections

12. Anti-abortion groups who favor greater legal restrictions on abortion, including complete prohibition, most often describe themselves as "pro-life" while abortion rights groups who are against such legal restrictions describe themselves as "pro-choice".
Nom : law restrictions on abortion
MVO : the law restricts abortion

13. Any refinery process or upset that results in the atmospheric release of refinery by-products (commonly sulfur dioxide) will usually impact air in Long Beach due to the west-south-westerly prevailing wind.
Nom : atmosphere release of refinery by-products
VOM : release refinery by-products into the atmosphere

14. As an ideology, racism existed during the 19th century as "scientific racism", which attempted to provide a racial classification of humanity.
Nom : race classification of humanity
VOM : classify humanity by race

15. As they subsequently advanced to become market leaders, companies in USA and Europe were encouraged to take up these activities as well, either through their own developments or contractual acquisition of carbon fiber knowledge .
Nom : contract acquisition of carbon fiber knowledge
VOM : acquire carbon fiber knowledge through contract
VOM : acquire carbon fiber knowledge by contract


16. Based on this review, key priorities for future research on the climatic effects of air pollutants in China are highlighted.
Nom : climate effects of air pollutants
OVM : air pollutants affect the climate

17. Be as it may, the theorem has proven widely influencial in the economic analysis of family life , and beyond that, other regarding economic institutions in general.
Nom : finance analysis of family life
VMO : analyse the finances of family life
VMO : analyze the finances of family life


18. Boeing provides nearly all operational maintenance of the aircraft with a 50-member contractor force, while depot maintenance and crew training is provided by the USAF in the United States.
Nom : operation maintenance of the aircraft
VMO : maintain the operations of the aircraft

19. Clinical significance is also a consideration when interpreting the results of the psychological assessment of an individual .
Nom : psychology assessment of an individual
VMO : assess the psychology of an individual

20. Despite criticism of "Buckley" from both sides, the case remains the starting point for judicial analysis of the constitutionality of campaign finance restrictions, as in "McConnell v. Federal Election Commission".
Nom : judiciary analysis of the constitutionality of campaign finance restrictions
MVO : the judiciary analyzes the constitutionality of campaign finance restrictions
MVO : the judiciary analyses the constitutionality of campaign finance restrictions
MVO : the court analyzes the constitutionality of campaign finance restrictions
MVO : the court analyses the constitutionality of campaign finance restrictions


21. Discussions with his cabinet revealed Lincoln planned short-term military control over southern states, until readmission under the control of southern Unionists.
Nom : military control over southern states
MVO : the military controls the southern states

22. Due to poor military deployment by the Tang government, An Lushan managed to attack Hebei by surprise, and Yan Zhenqing reluctantly abandoned his command, returning to the court in 757.
Nom : military deployment by the Tang government
OVM : the Tang government deploys the military

23. Due to the Race to the Top, School Improvement Grants, and other innovations, competition-driven reformers were given the gifts and contracts that they claimed would reverse the educational effects of poverty .
Nom : education effects of poverty
OVM : poverty affects education

24. During the Second World War royal visits to Balmoral ceased.
Nom : royal visits to Balmoral
MVO : the royals visit Balmoral

25. During the wars against the French and their allies in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries, the East India Company's armies were used to seize the colonial possessions of other European nations, including the islands of Réunion and Mauritius.
Nom : colony possessions of other European nations
OVM : other European nations possess colonies

26. Each of the UA students, whose research ranges from cultural effects on parent-child relationships to research through storytelling to the relationship between psychological distress and smoking in adolescents, work with UA faculty mentors on their research projects.
Nom : culture effects on parent-child relationships
MVO : culture affects parent-child relationships

27. Each State was also requested to issue Letters Patent, or their equivalent Instruments of Appointment, that allow the six commissioners to conduct an inquiry into institutional responses to child sexual abuse under their respective laws.
Nom : institution responses to child sexual abuse
MVO : the institutions respond to child sexual abuse

28. Empirical research regarding the consequences of OCBs has focused on two main areas: organizational performance and success and managerial evaluations of performance and reward allocation.
Nom : manager evaluations of performance and reward allocation
MVO : managers evaluate performance and reward allocation

29. English Puritans who migrated from 1620 established colonies in New England whose local governance was democratic and which contributed to the democratic development of the United States; although these local assemblies had some small amounts of devolved power, the ultimate authority was held by the Crown and the English Parliament.
Nom : democracy development of the United States
VMO : develop democracy in the United States

30. Failure to comply with fisheries laws regarding the use of trawling, urban pollution of the seacoast, destruction of habitats by coastal construction (for example, alteration of the mouths of rivers, construction of ports), and diminution of fisheries by overexploitation
Nom : urban area pollution of the seacoast
MVO : urban areas pollute the seacoast

31. Film theory often includes the study of conflicts between the aesthetics of visual Hollywood and the textual analysis of screenplay .
Nom : text analysis of screenplay
VMO : analyse the text of screenplay
VMO : analyze the text of screenplay


32. Franklin soon learned of the extent of colonial resistance to the Stamp Act, and he testified during the House of Commons proceedings that led to its repeal.
Nom : colony resistance to the Stamp Act
MVO : the colony resists the Stamp Act

33. From that moment Galicia, which participated to a minor extent in the American expansion of the Spanish Empire , found itself at the center of the Atlantic wars fought by Spain against the French and the Protestant powers of England and the Netherlands, whose privateers attacked the coastal areas, but major assaults were not common as the coastline was difficult and the harbors easily defended.
Nom : America expansion of the Spanish Empire
VOM : expand the Spanish Empire in America

34. Functional analysis of stone tools – a term given to a variety of approaches designed with the aim of identifying the use of a stone tool – is based on the argument that the uses to which tools were put in antiquity leave diagnostic damage and/or polish on their working edges.
Nom : function analysis of stone tools
VMO : analyze the function of stone tools
VMO : analyse the function of stone tools


35. Gatov's academic research interests cover the issues of the technological effect on media development as an institution, the censorship and media effects, and media innovation.
Nom : technology effect on media development
MVO : technology affects media development

36. Gwangju convinced a new generation of young that the democratic movement had developed not with the support of Washington, as an older generation of more conservative Koreans thought, but in the face of daily American support for any dictator who could quell the democratic aspirations of the Korean people.
Nom : democracy aspirations of the Korean people
OVM : the Korean people aspire to democracy

37. Hardy himself chose Gertrude Bugler, a Dorchester girl from the original Hardy Players, to play Tess in the first theatrical adaptation of the novel; he even wrote the script in 1924.
Nom : theater adaptation of the novel
VOM : adapt the novel for theater

38. He accepted only two sacraments as valid under the new covenant: baptism and the Lord's Supper (in opposition to the Catholic acceptance of seven sacraments).
Nom : Catholic acceptance of seven sacraments
MVO : Catholics accept seven sacraments

39. He also promoted the American publication of piano music by Polish composer Andrzej Dutkiewicz.
Nom : America publication of piano music
VOM : publish piano music in America

40. He enlisted in the Air National Guard, received basic training and assumed duties in mechanical maintenance of aircraft .
Nom : mechanics maintenance of aircraft
VMO : maintain the mechanics of aircraft

41. He saw the American influence on global culture as very damaging to Europe, something he expresses with black humour in the song "Death of the West", from the album of the same name.
Nom : America influence on global culture
MVO : America influences global culture

42. He was elected chairman of that circle and submitted an application to the Taganrog City Council, soliciting municipal acquisition of the Birth house of Anton Chekhov in Taganrog.
Nom : municipality acquisition of the Birth house
MVO : the municipality acquires the Birth house

43. Her fields of research are literary analysis of Bible texts and the reception of the Bible in Jewish liturgy.
Nom : literature analysis of Bible texts
VOM : analyse Bible texts as literature
VOM : analyze Bible texts as literature


44. His research deals with the integration of epidemiological models of infectious diseases and drug resistance into the economic analysis of public health problems .
Nom : economic aspect analysis of public health problems
VMO : analyse the economic aspects of public health problems
VMO : analyze the economic aspects of public health problems


45. His works on astronomical explanations of ice ages, especially his curve of insolation for the past 130,000 years, received support from the climatologist Wladimir Köppen and geophysicist Alfred Wegener.
Nom : astronomy explanations of ice ages
MVO : astronomy explains ice ages

46. However, chemical analysis of Martian meteorite samples suggests that the ambient near-surface temperature of Mars has most likely been below 0 °C for the last four billion years.
Nom : chemical property analysis of Martian meteorite samples
VMO : analyze the chemical properties of Martian meteorite samples
VMO : analyse the chemical properties of Martian meteorite samples


47. In 1617, Prince Khurram was directed to deal with the Lodi in the Deccan, to secure the Empire's southern borders and to restore imperial control over the region.
Nom : empire control over the region
MVO : the empire controls the region

48. In 1994 Manning III's two sons, South Carolina broadcaster Manning Kimmel IV (b. 1948) and his brother Thomas appeared before a Senate subcommittee, attempting to have Admiral Kimmel's four-star rank restored and be exonerated for accusations of mismanagement of the naval response to the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
Nom : navy response to the Japanese attack
MVO : the navy responds to the Japanese attack

49. In 1997 one of the surveyors provided the coordinates to two distinct expeditions, one American and one led by the Canadian Department of National Defence, seeking to conduct an environmental analysis of the site .
Nom : environment analysis of the site
VMO : analyze the environment of the site
VMO : analyse the environment of the site


50. In 2000, the head doctor of the prison, Véronique Vasseur, published a book in which she denounced the very bad conditions of imprisonment, filth, illnesses, etc. The book was a shock to the public and prompted parliamentary evaluation of the situation .
Nom : parliament evaluation of the situation
MVO : parliament evaluates the situation

51. In 2007, Honda voted for the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act of 2007, which was the legislative response to the Jack Abramoff scandal and introduced comprehensive new transparency requirements for lobbyists and for Members of Congress.
Nom : legislation response to the Jack Abramoff scandal
MVO : the legislature responds to the Jack Abramoff scandal
MVO : the legislation responds to the Jack Abramoff scandal


52. In 2007, Matt Lucas and David Walliams announced that there would be no more of the British "Little Britain", but they taped an American continuation of the show entitled "Little Britain USA", which featured both returning characters from the British series as well as new American characters.
Nom : America continuation of the show
VOM : continue the show in America
OVM : the show continues in America


53. In addition, Turkey and the U.S. agreed to permit American access to Turkish bases , but this was done under the auspices of NATO.
Nom : American access to Turkish bases
MVO : Americans access Turkish bases

54. In an editorial response to the event , the young newspaper editor L. Frank Baum, later the author of "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz", wrote in the "Aberdeen Saturday Pioneer" on January 3, 1891:
Nom : editor response to the event
MVO : the editor responds to the event

55. In musical theatre and opera, the music director is in charge of the overall musical performance, including ensuring that the cast knows the music thoroughly, supervising the musical interpretation of the performers and pit orchestra, and conducting the orchestra.
Nom : music interpretation of the performers
OVM : the performers interpret the music

56. In occult traditions, practices range from inducing trance states to the mental construction of a second body , called the "Body of Light" in Aleister Crowley's writings, through visualization and controlled breathing, followed by the transfer of consciousness to the secondary body by a mental act of will.
Nom : mind construction of a second body
MVO : the mind constructs a second body

57. In order to gain insight into the long-term effects of prenatal meth exposure, a study undertaken in Sweden carried out developmental assessments of children from birth to 14 years old, who were born to mothers that abused MA during their pregnancy.
Nom : development assessments of children
VMO : assess the development of children

58. In our timeline, Indian Territory was opened to white settlement as punishment for the tribal support of the rebellion.
Nom : tribe support of the rebellion
MVO : the tribe supports the rebellion

59. In the "Shreveport Rate Cases" (1914), the Court permitted congressional regulation of railroad lines because Congress was regulating the "channels of commerce" and although the regulation was on intrastate rail lines, the effect of the intrastate lines was direct so as to concern interstate commerce.
Nom : congress regulation of railroad lines
MVO : congress regulates railroad lines

60. In the 17th century, however, Catholic conversion to Islam increased, even in the countryside.
Nom : Catholic conversion to Islam
MVO : Catholics convert to Islam

61. In the absence of legal control over the actions of doctors, departmental regulation of mental health care has contributed to psychiatric abuse.
Nom : department regulation of mental health care
MVO : the department regulates mental health care

62. In the latter year he was chairman of the Vermont delegation, and seconded the presidential nomination of Benjamin Harrison.
Nom : president nomination of Benjamin Harrison
VOM : nominate Benjamin Harrison for president
VOM : nominate Benjamin Harrison as president


63. Indeed, since the Turkish Cypriot leadership is committed to physical and geographical separation of the communities as a political goal, it is not likely to encourage activities by Turkish Cypriots which may be interpreted as demonstrating the merits of an alternative policy.
Nom : geography separation of the communities
MVO : geography separates the communities

64. It houses collections of Islamic art and heritage, including artefacts from the private collections of His Highness the Aga Khan, the Institute of Ismaili Studies in London, and Prince and Princess Sadruddin Aga Khan, which showcase the artistic, intellectual and scientific contributions of Muslim civilizations.
Nom : science contributions of Muslim civilizations
OVM : Muslim civilizations contribute to science

65. It is also probable that the presidential directive NSC-25 will apply which requires a review of large scale alleged effects on the environment and is carried out subsequent to the other domestic reviews and through a long process, leads eventually to presidential approval of the launch.
Nom : president approval of the launch
MVO : the president approves the launch

66. Its centuries-old maritime transport of goods is still conducted through Khlong Toei Port.
Nom : ocean transport of goods
VOM : transport goods over the ocean
VOM : transport goods on the sea


67. Jacques Derrida, in "The Purveyor of Truth", his response to Jacques Lacan's seminar on "The Purloined Letter" (1956), applies the metaphor to the structural analysis of texts : "By framing in this violent way, by cutting the narrated figure itself from a fourth side in order to see only triangles, one evades perhaps a certain complication." This is one of deconstruction's central critiques of structural (and formal) literary analysis.
Nom : structure analysis of texts
VMO : analyze the structure of texts
VMO : analyse the structure of texts


68. Kristen Gremillion's publications have centered on food production, crops, and dietary analysis of societies in the archaeological record.
Nom : diet analysis of societies
VMO : analyze the diet of societies
VMO : analyse the diet of societies


69. Linguistic analysis of the last few dozen native speakers reveals a number of dialectal differences between the northern and the southern parts of the island.
Nom : language analysis of the last few dozen native speakers
VMO : analyse the language of the last few dozen native speakers
VMO : analyze the language of the last few dozen native speakers


70. Links between hormonal regulation of sex organ function and KCa2.3 expression have been established.
Nom : hormone regulation of sex organ function
MVO : hormones regulate sex organ function

71. Low Fantasy stories focus on people's daily lives and practical goals ... A Low Fantasy campaign asks what it's like to live in a world of monsters, magic, and demigods." The book acknowledges the literary definition of the genre with "some critics define 'low fantasy' as any fantasy story set in the real world.
Nom : literature definition of the genre
VOM : define the genre in literature

72. Many times the robot's response serves as precursor information for issuance of a command as human assistance to the agent .
Nom : human assistance to the agent
MVO : a human assists the agent

73. Mapping and monitoring biomass of mangrove forest is very important to manage ecosystem and field survey of mangrove biomass and productivity is very difficult due to muddy soil condition, heavy weight of the wood, very large area and tidal effect on mangrove area .
Nom : tide effect on mangrove area
MVO : tides affect mangrove area

74. Monastic life was supported, and encouraged; while late Roman prohibitions against clerical participation in the army were repeated again and again.
Nom : clergy participation in the army
MVO : clergy participates in the army

75. Monetary investment by the new affiliates was not required.
Nom : money investment by the new affiliates
OVM : the new affiliates invest money

76. Much of his pioneering work dealt with agricultural applications of statistical methods.
Nom : agriculture applications of statistical methods
VOM : apply statistical methods to agriculture

77. Newton himself remained privately disturbed at the lack of a philosophical understanding of gravitation, while insisting in his writings that none was necessary to infer its reality.
Nom : philosophy understanding of gravitation
MVO : philosophy understands gravitation

78. On 7 March 2013, an international crisis erupted when North Korea threatened to launch a preemptive nuclear strike against the United States.
Nom : nuclear weapon strike against the United States
VOM : strike the United States with nuclear weapons

79. On July 17, 2011, Benson was arrested in Austin, Texas for a misdemeanor charge of assault causing bodily injury to a family member .
Nom : body injury to a family member
VMO : injure the body of a family member

80. One example of parental response to children 's behavior is the elicitation of scaffolding behavior, which in turn affects the level of behavior children show in the future.
Nom : parent response to children 's behavior
MVO : parents respond to children's behavior

81. One of its more recent and most notable games took place on March 29, 2007, when the team played a home game against the Buffalo Police Department as a fundraiser for police officer Patty Parete, who suffered spinal injury from a gunshot wound.
Nom : spine injury from a gunshot wound
OVM : a gunshot wound injures the spine

82. OSIS also offers specialized software and other tools to assist users in analysis and graphical interpretations of data .
Nom : graph interpretations of data
MVO : graphs interpret data

83. Out of wartime necessity, the government allowed executive regulation of agricultural production and requisitioned food supplies.
Nom : executive regulation of agricultural production
MVO : the executive regulates agricultural production

84. Political effects on electoral systems : Simulation with the case of Kosovo
Nom : politics effects on electoral systems
MVO : politics affect electoral systems

85. Price action trading can be included under the umbrella of technical analysis but is covered here in a separate article because it incorporates the behavioural analysis of market participants as a crowd from evidence displayed in price action - a type of analysis whose academic coverage isn't focused in any one area, rather is widely described and commented on in the literature on trading, speculation, gambling and competition generally.
Nom : behavior analysis of market participants
VMO : analyze the behavior of market participants
VMO : analyze the behaviour of market participants
VMO : analyse the behavior of market participants
VMO : analyse the behaviour of market participants


86. PURPOSE: To review selected behavioral medicine research to critically examine the perception among investigators that behavioral effects on health are small based on common metrics of clinical significance.
Nom : behaviour effects on health
MVO : behavior affects health
MVO : behaviour affects health


87. Recent creations such as the Lotus Temple, and the various modern urban developments of India like Bhubaneswar and Chandigarh, are notable.
Nom : city developments of India
VMO : develop urban areas in India
VMO : develop cities in India


88. The 2013 event marks the 60th anniversary of the agency, and the 50th annual Presidential proclamation of National Small Business Week.
Nom : president proclamation of National Small Business Week
MVO : the president proclaims National Small Business Week

89. The Academy's Athletic Department mandates athletic participation for every student each term as a graduation requirement.
Nom : athletics participation for every student
OVM : every student participates in athletics

90. The Andamans are theorized to be a key stepping stone in a great coastal migration of humans from Africa via the Arabian peninsula, along the coastal regions of the Indian mainland and towards Southeast Asia, Japan and Oceania.
Nom : coast migration of humans
OVM : humans migrate along the coast

91. The astronomical predictions of Ptolemy's geocentric model were used to prepare astrological and astronomical charts for over 1500 years.
Nom : astronomy predictions of Ptolemy's geocentric model
OVM : Ptolemy's geocentric model predicts astronomy

92. The band has also been important for the advocacy of medical and recreational use of cannabis in the United States.
Nom : recreation use of cannabis
VOM : use cannabis for recreation

93. The Belgian comic author Mitteï made a comic adaptation of the book in three volumes between 1979-1985, which were released in Dutch, French and the French dialect of Liège.
Nom : comics adaptation of the book
VOM : adapt the book as comics

94. The executive implements national legislation on matters such as social assistance, unemployment benefits and environmental management.
Nom : nation legislation on matters
VOM : legislate matters for the nation

95. The financial investments of these companies turned Tidwell's mining operation into a major coal industry, inextricably tied to Sunnyside.
Nom : money investments of these companies
OVM : these companies invest money

96. The head of the CBO, despite the office's obscurity, is a key position in Washington because the office is responsible for calculating budgetary effects of tax and spending proposals.
Nom : budget effects of tax and spending proposals
OVM : tax and spending proposals affect the budget

97. The legal reforms of Solon served as the basis of Athenian democracy.
Nom : law reforms of Solon
OVM : Solon reforms the law

98. The legislative definition of the route was amended in 1996 to exclude the portions in Rancho Mirage and Cathedral City, which had both been relinquished.
Nom : legislature definition of the route
MVO : the legislation defines the route
MVO : the legislature defines the route


99. The mission of Marine Air Control Squadron 2 is to detect, identify and control the intercept of hostile aircraft and missiles, and provide navigational assistance to friendly aircraft and provide continuous all-weather, radar, non-radar approach, departure, en route and tower air traffic control services to friendly aircraft.
Nom : navigation assistance to friendly aircraft
VOM : assist friendly aircraft with navigation

100. The new feminist ideology allowed women to fight for their rights, increasing the social participation of women by a significant percentage.
Nom : society participation of women
OVM : women participate in society

101. The primary operational mission of Nichols Field was tactical training for coastal defense of Luzon.
Nom : coast defense of Luzon
VMO : defend the coast of Luzon

102. The principal issues in this and subsequent elections were over federal policy: specifically the national response to threats of war with Revolutionary France, and the consequent need for increased taxes to arm the nation.
Nom : nation response to threats
MVO : the nation responds to threats

103. The project has also identified the area with the highest sighting rate of blue whales in the Southern Hemisphere (northwestern Chiloé Island) and has raised international awareness regarding the health status of this blue whale population by describing skinny blue whales and skin lesions associated to coastal pollution from the salmon farming industry.
Nom : coast pollution from the salmon farming industry
OVM : the salmon farming industry pollutes the coast

104. The second purpose for FA analysis is to assess the main prey species proportions (herring and sprat) in salmon diet: is there a dietary effect on female salmon reproduction success ?
Nom : diet effect on female salmon reproduction success
MVO : diet affects female salmon reproduction success

105. The substantive law of the 1866 "Civil Code of Lower Canada" was derived primarily from the judicial interpretations of the law that had been in force to that date in Lower Canada.
Nom : court interpretations of the law
MVO : the judiciary interprets the law
MVO : the court interprets the law


106. The supergroup, composed of Lennon, Eric Clapton, Keith Richards and Mitch Mitchell, also backed a vocal performance by Ono in the film.
Nom : voice performance by Ono
OVM : Ono performs by voice

107. The two men fight with Kato easily defeating Bae-dal, but an American attack on the airforce base allows Bae-dal and Chun-bae to escape.
Nom : American attack on the airforce base
MVO : Americans attack the airforce base
MVO : America attacks the airforce base


108. The use of government phones for election and campaign activity is considered an ethical violation of an elected office.
Nom : ethics violation of an elected office
VMO : violates the ethics of an elected office

109. The use of the metaphorical phrase "melting pot" to describe American absorption of immigrants was popularised by Zangwill's play "The Melting Pot", a hit in the United States in 1909–10.
Nom : America absorption of immigrants
MVO : America absorbs immigrants

110. The VEI itself is inadequate for describing the atmospheric effects of volcanic eruptions.
Nom : atmosphere effects of volcanic eruptions
OVM : volcanic eruptions affect the atmosphere

111. Thematic analysis of the film has also highlighted these issues and has elaborated on Spencer's fatalism and inactivity.
Nom : theme analysis of the film
VMO : analyse the themes of the film
VMO : analyze the themes of the film


112. These strategies, Baillargeon finds, show that women's domestic labor—cooking, cleaning, budgeting, shopping, childcare—was essential to the economic maintenance of the family and offered room for economies.
Nom : finance maintenance of the family
VMO : maintain the finances of the family

113. They were interested in Jomo Kenyatta and the rise of the Kikuyu tribal resistance to colonialism in Kenya, known as the "Mau-Mau" Rebellion as it moved to open violence.
Nom : tribe resistance to colonialism
MVO : the tribe resists colonialism

114. Tidal effects on Earth from any other astronomical object are much weaker.
Nom : tide effects on Earth
VMO : affect tides on Earth

115. Tony Wills, author of a historical study of Jehovah's Witnesses, claimed that Rutherford seemed to relish his descriptions of how completely the wicked would be destroyed at Armageddon, dwelling at great length on prophecies of destruction.
Nom : history study of Jehovah's Witnesses
VMO : study the history of Jehovah's Witnesses

116. ULCs have commonly been used by US companies investing in Canada on a greenfield basis or through corporate acquisitions of Canadian entities or assets, especially if those Canadian assets or operations are expected to generate business losses.
Nom : corporation acquisitions of Canadian entities or assets
MVO : the corporation acquires Canadian entities or assets

117. Watches that incorporate batteries often have electric illumination of their displays.
Nom : electricity illumination of their displays
VOM : illuminate their displays with electricity

118. We investigate climatic effects on mechanical properties of snow, ice, soil and rock
Nom : climate effects on mechanical properties of snow, ice, soil and rock
MVO : climate affects the mechanical properties of snow, ice, soil and rock

119. William I "believed or feigned to believe that French was introduced into the Walloon provinces only under the pressure of foreign influence." The linguistic barrier "acquired administrative significance for the first time in 1822 with William I's legislation on the use of Dutch in Flemish communes." William's linguistic policies were one of the contributing factors that led to the Belgian Revolution of 1830 and the linguistic legislation of the first unionist governments .
Nom : language legislation of the first unionist governments
OVM : the first unionist governments legislate language

120. WindMade will strive to achieve this by increasing transparency of corporate investments in wind energy , by informing citizens on the implications of using different energy sources, and by empowering consumers to favour corporations who make a real contribution to delivering new wind energy.
Nom : corporation investments in wind energy
MVO : the corporation invests in wind energy

121. With Prince Royalty being largely unused as a shire town, it saw limited rural settlement by farmers since the Crown, and not a landlord owned the territory, thus an active settlement scheme never transpired.
Nom : rural area settlement by farmers
OVM : farmers settle rural areas

122. With the formal military reforms of Gaius Marius in 107 BC, designed to combat a shortage of manpower due to wars against Jugurtha, the different classes of units were done away with entirely.
Nom : military reforms of Gaius Marius
OVM : Gaius Marius reforms the military

123. Yeung's publications appear in top scientific journals and include topics such as parental investment in children , work and family balance, ethnic disparities in educational attainment, poverty, and family wealth.
Nom : parent investment in children
MVO : parents invest in children

124. "Monthly Musical Record" objected to the comic depiction of a clergyman, commenting that "the earnest, hard-working, and serious Clergy should not be made the subject of sneering caricature upon the stage", and Lewis Carroll wrote in his 1888 essay:
Nom : comedy depiction of a clergyman
VOM : depict a clergyman through comedy

125. A rare example of American influence in Danish architecture , the building now serves as an exhibition space.
Nom : America influence in Danish architecture
MVO : America influences Danish architecture

126. After "Precious"' screening at Sundance in February 2009, Tyler Perry announced that he and Oprah Winfrey would be providing promotional assistance to the film , which was released through Lionsgate Entertainment.
Nom : promotion assistance to the film
VMO : assist with the promotion of the film

127. Although simple living is often a secular pursuit, it may still involve reconsidering personal definitions of appropriate technology , as Anabaptist groups such as the Amish or Mennonites have done.
Nom : each person definitions of appropriate technology
MVO : each person defines appropriate technology

128. An American variation of this rule allows the "frozen" player 2 options: throw the ball and risk a life on if it hits the wall, or drop it directly onto the ground below them and run for the wall.
Nom : America variation of this rule
MVO : America varies this rule

129. And the second between the state and political organizations in which the fundamental issue is to create a social agenda in response to the structural effects of the armed conflict .
Nom : structure effects of the armed conflict
OVM : armed conflicts affects the structure

130. As a descendant of rugby, the modern sport now known as American football is generally credited to its inventor, Walter Camp, who beginning in the 1880s, devised the play from scrimmage, the numerical assessment of goals and tries, the restriction of play to eleven men per side, set plays, sequences, and strategy features which led to the gradual evolution of the regulated game.
Nom : number assessment of goals
VOM : assess goals with numbers

131. As a result India's nuclear power programme proceeds largely without fuel or technological assistance from other countries .
Nom : technology assistance from other countries
OVM : other countries assist with technology

132. As a result of domestic resistance to foreign investment and high labor costs, growth can stagnate in sectors which the government wishes to diversify.
Nom : country resistance to foreign investment
MVO : the country resists foreign investment

133. Charging that Renaud's administration was undemocratic, the rebels established new municipal committees to oversee policy and increase civic participation in government .
Nom : citizen participation in government
MVO : citizens participate in government

134. Deciding whether to call a child a boy or a girl, then, employs social definitions of the essential components of gender.
Nom : society definitions of the essential components
MVO : the society defines the essential components

135. Experienced mentors say that WOPs have a motivational effect on their team and allow employees to learn new skills.
Nom : motivation effect on their team
VMO : affect the motivation of their team

136. Finally, some members of the monastic community are engaged in pastoral work in their home diocese, where they offer retreats, provide pastoral assistance to the local bishop , and assist communities of women religious with spiritual direction.
Nom : pastoral duties assistance to the local bishop
VOM : assist the local bishop in pastoral duties

137. Finally, there are indicators, such as the number of people serviced by sewage treatment, which track societal responses to environmental issues .
Nom : society responses to environmental issues
MVO : society responds to environmental issues

138. For example, social science disciplines such as anthropology and sociology paid little attention to the social analysis of technology throughout most of the twentieth century.
Nom : society analysis of technology
VOM : analyse technology in society
VOM : analyze technology in society


139. Genetic analysis from a sample of tortoises from Volcan Wolf found 84 first generation "nigra" hybrids, some less than 15 years old.
Nom : gene analysis from a sample
VMO : analyze genes from a sample
VMO : analyse genes from a sample


140. He also made short comic introduction for each chapter of the children's book "Kinderen van Amsterdam", a history book for children about children who played a role in the history of Amsterdam.
Nom : comedy introduction for each chapter
VOM : introduce each chapter with comedy

141. He defined stress as "the nonspecific (that is, common) result of any demand upon the body, be the effect mental or somatic." This includes the medical definition of stress as a physical demand and the colloquial definition of stress as a psychological demand.
Nom : medicine definition of stress
MVO : medicine defines stress

142. He noted that the legislature had recently defeated same-sex marriage legislation and defended that as a rational decision rooted in the historical definition of marriage and its association with child rearing:
Nom : history definition of marriage
VOM : define marriage throughout history

143. Helgason managed the American operations of the company from 1961 to 1973, at which point he returned to Reykjavík to become CEO of Icelandair.
Nom : America operations of the company
OVM : the company operates in America

144. Here she provided navigational assistance for the fledgling Trans-Atlantic air industry and acted as a search and rescue platform both ships and aeroplanes.
Nom : navigation assistance for the fledgling Trans-Atlantic air industry
VOM : assist the fledgling Trans-Atlantic air industry in navigation

145. Hezbollah, which started with only a small militia, has grown to an organization with seats in the Lebanese government, a radio and a satellite television-station, programs for social development and large-scale military deployment of fighters beyond Lebanon's borders.
Nom : military service deployment of fighters
VOM : deploy fighters for military service

146. In cabinet, Churley opposed attempts to reduce social assistance to single mothers , and only accepted the introduction of casino gambling with reluctance.
Nom : society assistance to single mothers
MVO : society assist single mothers

147. In the same year, he also staged the opera "Boris Godunov" at the Royal Opera House in London under the musical direction of Claudio Abbado.
Nom : music direction of Claudio Abbado
OVM : Claudio Abbado directs the music

148. It could also enhance the prospect of territorial acquisition for a dynasty by procuring legal claim to a foreign throne, or portions of its realm (e.g., colonies), through inheritance from an heiress whenever a monarch failed to leave an undisputed male heir.
Nom : territory acquisition for a dynasty
OVM : the dynasty acquires territories

149. It has been acclaimed for its imaginative storyline and natural lyricism, connected with humanity and poetic interpretations of an imaginary world seen through children's eyes.
Nom : poetry interpretations of an imaginary world
VOM : interpret an imaginary world through poetry

150. Judith Herman suggests, in "Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence--from Domestic Abuse to Political Terror", that hysteria was a label given a form of PTSD arising from routine domestic abuse of women, including physical abuse, rape, and emotional abuse.
Nom : home abuse of women
VOM : abuse women at home

151. LJP provides information to the public and promotes civic participation of young people , encouraging them to engage themselves in youth organizations, non-formal education activities and shelters the youth organizations.
Nom : community participation of young people
OVM : young people participate in the community

152. Mazza produced the first scientific confirmation of the existence of "Trypanosoma cruzi" in Argentina in 1927, eventually leading to support from local and European medical schools and Argentine government policy makers.
Nom : science confirmation of the existence
MVO : science confirms the existence

153. Microscopic analysis of the rock (petrology) is also sometimes useful in confirming that a given segment of rock is from a particular age.
Nom : microscope analysis of the rock
VOM : analyze the rock with a microscope
VOM : analyse the rock with a microscope


154. Our overarching goal is to build a framework for incorporating state-of-the-art computational toxicology tools and techniques to produce an ambitious, high-visibility pipeline capable of interfacing with pathway models to assess the range of chemical effects on human health .
Nom : chemical effects on human health
MVO : chemicals affect human health

155. Predictions by Western analysts that the PLAN would outnumber the USN submarine force as early as 2011 have failed to come true because the PRC curtailed both imports and domestic production of submarines.
Nom : country production of submarines
MVO : the country produces submarines

156. Public enthusiasm for dinosaurs first developed in Victorian England, where in 1854, three decades after the first scientific descriptions of dinosaur remains, the famous dinosaur sculptures were unveiled in London's Crystal Palace Park.
Nom : science descriptions of dinosaur remains
VOM : describe dinosaur remains through science

157. Remarkable that considering the mental effects of our invasive culture have yet to be fully understood, this seems like it could very well be a an utter disaster.
Nom : mind effects of our invasive culture
OVM : our invasive culture affects the mind

158. Researchers have also begun to examine therapeutic assessment for children and families, and have demonstrated clinical effectiveness in many settings, including schools, children's hospitals, and various clinics.
Nom : therapy assessment for children and families
VOM : assess children and families through therapy

159. Shostakovich's musical response to these personal crises was the Eighth String Quartet, composed in only three days.
Nom : music response to these personal crises
VOM : respond to these personal crises through music

160. Slowly, however, they lost their political domination of the Near East due to internal turmoil and attacks by non-Semitic peoples.
Nom : politics domination of the Near East
VMO : dominate the politics of the Near East

161. The breadth of services provided are career coaching with academic advisors and career counselors, self assessments for students , networking resources, resume preparation, interview preparation, on campus recruiting, career development series, videos, handouts and special alumni services.
Nom : themselves assessments for students
OVM : students assess themselves

162. The Canon of the New Testament, like that of the Old, is the result of a development, of a process at once stimulated by disputes with doubters, both within and without the Church, and retarded by certain obscurities and natural hesitations, and which did not reach its final term until the dogmatic definition of the Tridentine Council ."
Nom : dogma definition of the Tridentine Council
OVM : the Tridentine Council defines the dogma

163. The Central Utah Project Completion Act Office and the lessees executed a lease agreement in 2005, after approval of the environmental assessment for the project .
Nom : environmental impact assessment for the project
VMO : assess the environmental impact of the project

164. The institutional analysis of the Soviet concentration system is complicated by the formal distinction between GULAG and GUPVI.
Nom : institution analysis of the Soviet concentration system
VMO : analyze the institution of the Soviet concentration system
VMO : analyse the institution of the Soviet concentration system


165. The Iraqi Air Force, however, had originally lacked modern equipment and experienced pilots, but after pleas from Iraqi military leaders, Saddam decreased political influence on everyday operations and left the fighting to his combatants.
Nom : politics influence on everyday operations
MVO : politics influences everyday operations

166. The journal's mission statement states that the publication's "objective is to inform across professional and disciplinary boundaries and debate the social, economic, political and technological implications of environmental controls, as well as interrogate the science claims made to justify environmental regulations of the energy industries , including transport."
Nom : environment regulations of the energy industries
VOM : regulate the energy industries as regards the environment

167. The Mamluks also sought naval assistance from Italian powers , but were turned down as well.
Nom : navy assistance from Italian powers
MOV : the navy of the Italian powers assists

168. The results show the presence of generational effects on democratic support : the generation that experienced two regimes has, in general, greater support for democracy.
Nom : generation effects on democratic support
MVO : generation affects democratic support

169. The spraying we all see over our towns is low to the ground, and has regional effects on weather systems .
Nom : region effects on weather systems
VOM : affect weather systems by regions

170. The wide range of issues in the programme of the3 rd Advertising Matrix Forum touches the creative part of a promotional product with the commercial effect of advertising projects .
Nom : commerce effect of advertising projects
OVM : advertising projects affect commerce

171. These regulations offer protection to vulnerable people by guaranteeing the professional regulation of people working as social workers.
Nom : profession regulation of people working as social workers
MVO : the profession regulates people working as social workers

172. They had several injury worries which could well have a mental effect on the team that is playing as well as the physical effect there absence will leave.
Nom : mind effect on the team
VMO : affect the mind of the team

173. This function is similar to that of dowsing rods or Ouija boards, and it is known in psychology as the Ideomotor effect: a mental effect on physical action .
Nom : mind effect on physical action
MVO : the mind affects physical action

174. This money is used to provide educational assistance to talented young players .
Nom : education assistance to talented young players
VOM : assist talented young players in education

175. Vortextuality is a concept developed in the work of Garry Whannel, a leading academic thinker working in the area of the cultural analysis of media sport .
Nom : culture analysis of media sport
VMO : analyze the culture of media sport
VMO : analyse the culture of media sport


176. What is certain is that by AD 300, the entire North Danubian region had fallen under the political domination of Germanic-speaking groups, a hegemony that continued until c. AD 500: the Goths held overall hegemony, and under them, lesser Germanic tribes such as the Taifali and Gepids.
Nom : politics domination of Germanic-speaking groups
OVM : Germanic-speaking groups dominate politics

177. Within the Burgundian Netherlands, Holland was the dominant province in the north; the political influence of Holland largely determined the extent of Burgundian dominion in that area.
Nom : politics influence of Holland
OVM : Holland influences politics

178. During the regency, in 1898, Spain lost its colonial rule over Cuba, Puerto Rico, Guam and the Philippines as a result of the Spanish-American War.
Nom : colony rule over Cuba
VOM : rule Cuba as a colony

179. However, while the critique from the right emphasized moral degeneracy ascribed to sexual and racial influences within popular culture, Adorno located the problem not with the content, but with the objective realities of the production of mass culture and its effects, e.g. as a form of reverse psychology.
Nom : perception of race influences within popular culture
OVM : popular culture influences perception of race

180. In 2012, Dr. Deborah Priest was appointed as the inaugural head of college at Moreton Bay College to oversee its daily operations and implementation of the budget and to feed into the strategic planning of the college.
Nom : strategy planning of the college
OVM : the college plans strategies

181. Many of the church members are also involved in humanitarian causes, such as, disaster relief work and medical aid to countries like China, Indonesia, Taiwan, Honduras, and more recently, Haiti.
Nom : medicine aid to countries
VOM : aid countries with medicine

182. Professional discrimination against women in the workplace continues.
Nom : their profession discrimination against women
VOM : discriminate women in their profession

183. Rangel again expressed his displeasure with the vice president in October 2006 – after Cheney had said that "Charlie doesn't understand how the economy works" – by opining that Cheney is "a real son of a bitch" who "enjoys a confrontation", and suggesting that Cheney required professional treatment for mental defects.
Nom : professional treatment for mental defects
MVO : professionals treat mental defects

184. Shortly after, Pol Pot moved to China for medical treatment for cancer.
Nom : medicine treatment for cancer
VOM : treat cancer with medicine

185. On November 7, 2000, 54% of Colorado voters passed Amendment 20, which amends the Colorado State constitution to allow the medical use of cannabis.
Nom : medicine use of cannabis
VOM : use cannabis as medicine

186. There are many examples of her efforts to support the professional advancement of female physicists.
Nom : their profession advancement of female physicists
OVM : female physicists advance in their profession

187. This can be assessed by either digital examination of vaginal pressure or using a Kegel perineometer.
Nom : finger examination of vaginal pressure
VOM : examine vaginal pressure with a finger

188. In a message to the Campaign, he stressed the necessity to establish democratic participation of citizens at the global level.
Nom : democracy participation of citizens
OVM : citizens participate in democracy

189. In the 1986-1987 season a small number of marathon skaters intended to use the clap skate competitively, but its use was prohibited by match officials due to increased risk of physical harm to the skaters in case of a fall.
Nom : body harm to the skaters
VMO : harm the body of the skaters

190. Although not a part of roboethics "per se", the ethical behavior of robots themselves has also been a joining issue in roboethics in popular culture.
Nom : ethics behavior of robots
OVM : robots behave with ethics

191. Burger noted that "current standards for the ethical treatment of participants clearly place Milgram's studies out of bounds." In 2009, Burger was able to receive approval from the institutional review board by modifying several of the experimental protocols.
Nom : ethics treatment of participants
VOM : treat participants with ethics

192. Direct maritime trade between Europe and China started in the 16th century, after the Portuguese established the settlement of Goa, India in December 1510, and thereafter that of Macau in southern China in 1557.
Nom : sea trade between Europe and China
OVM : Europe and China trade on the sea

193. In July, in Berlin, a criminal complaint was lodged against Rabbi Yitshak Ehrenberg for "causing bodily harm" by performing religious circumcision, and for vocal support of the continuation of the practice.
Nom : voice support of the continuation of the practice
VOM : support the continuation of the practice by voice

194. In the past, hypothermia occurred most frequently in homeless people, but recreational exposure to cold environments is now the main cause of hypothermia.
Nom : recreation exposure to cold environments
VOM : expose to cold environments for recreation

195. While Wallace's essay obviously did not employ Darwin's term "natural selection", it did outline the mechanics of an evolutionary divergence of species from similar ones due to environmental pressures.
Nom : evolution divergence of species
OVM : species diverge through evolution

196. With the Louisiana Purchase in 1803, which doubled the size of the United States, Thomas Jefferson set the stage for the continental expansion of the United States.
Nom : continent expansion of the United States
VMO : expand the continent of the United States

197. "Bollman" held that the constitutional definition of treason excluded mere conspiracy to levy war against the United States.
Nom : constitution definition of treason
MVO : the constitution define treason
VOM : define treason in the constitution


198. A national assessment of wildfire risk in the United States based on GACG identified regions (with the slight modification of combining Southern and Northern California, and the West and East Basin); indicate that California (50.22% risk) and the Southern Area (15.53% risk) are the geographic areas with the highest wildfire risk.
Nom : nation assessment of wildfire risk
VOM : assess the wildfire risk of the nation

199. After this, Sudharmono was appointed Chairman of the Central Government Personnel Orders Unit and provided administrative assistance to the Government .
Nom : administration assistance to the Government
MVO : the administration assists the Government

200. Along the Danube and the Black Sea, they constitute the fundamental geographical element in the territorial definition of the Romanian state .
Nom : territory definition of the Romanian state
VOM : define the Romanian state by territory
VMO : define the territory of the Romanian state


201. An interesting literary interpretation of this period of Christianity and the character of Paul can be found in Rudyard Kipling's short story "The Church that was at Antioch".
Nom : literature interpretation of this period
VMO : interpret the literature in this period
VOM : interpret this period through literature


202. As he had on his 1968 debut album "Song of Innocence", Axelrod composed musical interpretations of the works of English poet William Blake on "Songs of Experience".
Nom : music interpretations of the works
VOM : interprets the works through music

203. Dutch archaeologist Leendert Louwe Kooijmans wrote, "It is becoming increasingly clear that the agricultural transformation of prehistoric communities was a purely indigenous process that took place very gradually." This transformation took place as early as 4300 BC–4000 BC and featured the introduction of grains in small quantities into a traditional broad-spectrum economy.
Nom : agriculture transformation of prehistoric communities
VMO : transform the agriculture of prehistoric communities

204. Following the institution of the Université de Dschang (University of Dschang) in 1993, however, foreign interest and developmental investment of the city began to increase, and plans for a drive to increase tourism and the exploitation of mineral deposits will contribute to the city's development.
Nom : development investment of the city
VMO : invest in the development of the city

205. Four years later, in 1952, he heard a radio broadcast of Governor Adlai Stevenson's speech accepting the presidential nomination of the Democratic Party.
Nom : president nomination of the Democratic Party
OVM : Democratic Party nominate for president

206. He disagreed with the statutory interpretation of the decision , believing that examining the direct language of the provision would have led the Court to a contrary result.
Nom : statute interpretation of the decision
MVO : the statute interprets the decision
VOM : interpret the decision by statutes


207. He wrote several critical essays and investigation about the controversial role of Turkish governmental intelligence organization, the existence of a Turkish branch of Operation Gladio, the Counter-Guerrilla, the relations between the Turkish mafia and state officials, the tactics and the networks of global Islamist movements (especially the US network of the Gülen movement) and some historical analysis about the Turkish-Ottoman identity .
Nom : history analysis about the Turkish-Ottoman identity
VOM : analyse the Turkish-Ottoman identity in history
VOM : analyze the Turkish-Ottoman identity in history


208. However, although the common law is by nature flexible and adaptable, in the interests both of certainty and of securing convictions, most common law jurisdictions have codified their criminal law and now have statutory definitions of murder .
Nom : statute definitions of murder
MVO : the statute define murder
VOM : define murder by statutes


209. It was designed to provide an experimental analysis of the effects from interventions, which includes both instruction and curriculum.
Nom : experiment analysis of the effects
MVO : the experiment analyses the effects
VOM : analyze the effects through experiment
MVO : the experiment analyzes the effects
VOM : analyse the effects through experiment


210. Künstler's artwork features dramatic interpretations of American historical events , namely, the American Civil War.
Nom : drama interpretations of American historical events
VOM : interpret American historical events through drama

211. Microvia reliability research has focused on experimental assessment of the reliability of single-level unfilled microvias, as well as finite element analysis on stress/strain distributions in single-level microvias and microvia fatigue life estimation.
Nom : experiment assessment of the reliability
VOM : assess the reliability through experiment

212. Pamphlets were sent out which evaded the censorship laws, and the group provided organizational assistance to liberal candidates against pro-government state officials in the November 1827 election.
Nom : organization assistance to liberal candidates
VOM : assist liberal candidates with organization

213. Presentations include experimental evaluation of spray systems and spray nozzles under a variety of applications.
Nom : experiment evaluation of spray systems
VOM : evaluate spray systems through experiment

214. Seeley's creation of the genus was, however, not accepted by Richard Owen, who rejected the evolutionary interpretation of the material .
Nom : evolution interpretation of the material
VOM : interpret the material through evolution

215. The national construction of railroads further led to the end of the Kitamaebune.
Nom : nation construction of railroads
VOM : construct railroads in the nation

216. The primary literary influence on film noir was the hardboiled school of American detective and crime fiction, led in its early years by such writers as Dashiell Hammett (whose first novel, "Red Harvest", was published in 1929) and James M. Cain (whose "The Postman Always Rings Twice" appeared five years later), and popularized in pulp magazines such as "Black Mask".
Nom : literature influence on film noir
MVO : literature influences film noir

217. The Principles for Social Investment is an initiative of the United Nations Global Compact to provide an ethical foundation and guidelines for social investment by companies and their foundations, community foundations and private foundations and thereby encourage an integrated, strategic and sustainable approach to improve long-term "returns" to key stakeholders – including populations benefiting from social investment and the investors.
Nom : society investment by companies
OVM : companies invest in society

218. The purpose of etymology was to elucidate the spiritual background to a concept, drawing out aspects of semantics in a similar manner to the symbolic interpretation of the natural world .
Nom : symbol interpretation of the natural world
VOM : interpret the natural world with symbols
MVO : symbols interpret the natural world


219. This includes selecting an initial set of baseline security controls based on a FIPS 199 worst-case impact analysis, tailoring the baseline security controls, and supplementing the security controls based on an organizational assessment of risk .
Nom : organization assessment of risk
VOM : assess the risk to the organization

220. This linguistic definition of nation would have excluded parts of southern Serbia where the Torlak dialect is spoken.
Nom : language definition of nation
MVO : language defines a nation
VOM : define a nation through language


221. Tillage is the agricultural preparation of soil by mechanical agitation of various types, such as digging, stirring, and overturning.
Nom : agriculture preparation of soil
VOM : prepare the soil for agriculture

222. Until the twentieth century, the Supreme Court of the United States may have been the only high tribunal in the world to use a court for constitutional interpretation of fundamental law , others generally depending on their national legislature.
Nom : constitution interpretation of fundamental law
MVO : the constitution interprets fundamental law

223. What finally led to American involvement in the war , however, was the discovery of the Zimmermann Telegram, in which Germany offered to help Mexico conquer part of the United States if it formed an alliance with Germany.
Nom : America involvement in the war
MVO : America involves in the war

224. Her next book, "The Stolen Crown", was published in 2010 and is a fictional depiction of Catherine Woodville, Duchess of Buckingham.
Nom : fiction depiction of Catherine Woodville
VOM : depict Catherine Woodville in fiction

225. He was actively involved in the peace talks with the Nigerian Government and worked actively towards a diplomatic resolution of the crisis.
Nom : diplomacy resolution of the crisis
VOM : resolve the crisis with diplomacy
MVO : diplomacy resolves the crisis


226. Other recent developments included the Tod Machover (MIT and IRCAM) composition "Begin Again Again" for "hypercello", an interactive system of sensors measuring physical movements of the cellist.
Nom : body movements of the cellist
OVM : the cellist moves the body

227. Daniel and his companions are given Babylonian names, but refuse to be 'defiled' by the royal provisions of meat and wine.
Nom : monarch provisions of meat and wine
MVO : the monarch provides meat and wine

228. Hence there is a long tradition of instrumental accompaniment to devotional songs.
Nom : musical instrument accompaniment to devotional songs
MVO : musical instruments accompany devotional songs

229. His Symphony No. 6 is a programmatic work, featuring instrumental imitations of bird calls and a storm, and a convention-defying fifth movement
Nom : musical instrument imitations of bird calls and a storm
VOM : imitate bird calls and a storm with musical instruments

230. They were the most knowledgeable in the maritime navigation of Guinea, so Valera returned to Andalusia.
Nom : sea navigation of Guinea
VMO : navigate the sea around Guinea

231. "Barbarism" is variously interpreted as meaning either a technologically advanced but extremely exploitative and oppressive society (e.g. a victory and world domination by Nazi Germany and its Fascist allies); a collapse of technological civilization due to Capitalism causing a Nuclear War or ecological disaster; or the one form of barbarism bringing on the other.
Nom : world domination by Nazi Germany and its Fascist allies
OVM : Nazi Germany and its Fascist allies dominate the world

232. A 2006 court case, "Abigail Alliance v. von Eschenbach", would have forced radical changes in FDA regulation of unapproved drugs.
Nom : FDA regulation of unapproved drugs
MVO : FDA regulates unapproved drugs

233. A direct contribution of this section was to aid the war preparations of the government by designing propaganda and public awareness posters.
Nom : war preparations of the government
OVM : the government prepares for war

234. A popular way to gauge teaching performance is to use student evaluations of teachers (SETS), but these evaluations have been criticized for being counterproductive to learning and inaccurate due to student bias.
Nom : student evaluations of teachers
MVO : students evaluate teachers

235. After the student protests of 1968 many professors in many universities had stopped wearing academical gowns also in the formal occasions but since the nineties people have started to use them again, mostly in humanities faculties.
Nom : student protests of 1968
MVO : students protest in 1968

236. Anton and Phelps have provided a detailed manual on how to conduct the performance evaluation of the business, whereas others are using various scientific technologies to do the jobs.
Nom : performance evaluation of the business
VMO : evaluate the performance of the business

237. As of October 2005, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has begun a safety evaluation of the aircraft and decided that the aircraft has met its certification requirements - it is safe when operated by properly trained pilots who operate properly maintained aircraft.
Nom : safety evaluation of the aircraft
VMO : evaluate the safety of the aircraft

238. As the post on Davids' Island grew, the Army invested in new brick construction of more than 20 new buildings, including officers' quarters, enlisted men's barracks, mess halls, hospital buildings, and support facilities.
Nom : brick construction of more than 20 new buildings
VOM : construct more than 20 new buildings with bricks

239. Attempts have been made to model the developmental process of language acquisition in children from a computational angle, leading to both statistical grammars and connectionist models.
Nom : language acquisition in children
OVM : children acquire language

240. Composer Jeff Lynne described writing the song in a 1990 radio interview with Roger Scott:
Nom : radio interview with Roger Scott
OVM : Roger Scott interviews on radio

241. Displeased with what he saw as an over-cautious police response to the rioting, Daley chastised police superintendent James B. Conlisk and subsequently related that conversation at a City Hall press conference as follows:
Nom : police response to the rioting
MVO : The police respond to the rioting

242. During the art market boom, collectors put a premium on high-profile contemporary art sales like the Art Basel fairs in Switzerland and Miami and the biannual modern and contemporary art sales of Christie's and Sotheby's in London and New York.
Nom : art sales of Christie's and Sotheby's
OVM : Christie's and Sotheby's sell art

243. During this final stage, she said she frequently experienced a rich "blessing of tears." As the Catholic distinction between mortal and venial sin became clear to her, she says she came to understand the awful terror of sin and the inherent nature of original sin.
Nom : Catholic distinction between mortal and venial sin
MVO : Catholics distinguish between mortal and venial sin

244. Federal Labor has also committed to further road improvements in the area through the extension of the Monaro Highway.
Nom : road improvements in the area
VMO : improve roads in the area

245. For virtually all Japanese film professionals, the first years after the end of the Pacific War were a difficult and disorienting period, as they were forced to confront a new kind of film censorship from the victorious Americans, one that seemed, with its alien values, in the words of Audie Bock, "to be trying to change the very fabric of Japanese daily life, from which they drew their subject matter."
Nom : film censorship from the victorious Americans
OVM : the victorious American censor films

246. Frames should be well-sealed and hung securely, allowing a space for air circulation between the frame and the wall.
Nom : air circulation between the frame and the wall
MVO : air circulates between the frame and the wall

247. Generally, for a criminal court, the report package will consist of a written expert conclusion of the evidence as well as the evidence itself (often presented on digital media).
Nom : expert conclusion of the evidence
MVO : the expert concludes about the evidence

248. He said that he had acted in good faith regarding his dissertation, and that he had been led to believe by his thesis committee that his conduct had been correct, effectively repeating the majority conclusion of the Semmelweis University fact-finding committee.
Nom : majority conclusion of the Semmelweis University fact-finding committee
MOV : the majority of the Semmelweis University fact-finding committee concludes

249. He was subsequently commissioned to write a piece in memory of victims of the London bombings of 2005.
Nom : London bombings of 2005
VMO : bomb London in 2005

250. His efforts, along with precedents set by Atlas/Seaboard Comics' creator-friendly policies and other factors, helped lead to the modern industry's standard practice of returning original artwork to the artist, who can earn additional income from art sales to collectors.
Nom : art sales to collectors
VMO : sell art to collectors

251. In around 1749 Swiny made a trip to Paris for John Rich, to arrange the London tour of Jean Monnet's troupe, before dying in London in 1754 and being buried in St Martin-in-the-Fields.
Nom : London tour of Jean Monnet's troupe
OVM : Jean Monnet's troupe tours London

252. In the Indian subcontinent, irrigation requirements of Bangladesh determine water allocations of The Ganges River.
Nom : water allocations of The Ganges River
VMO : allocate the water of the Ganges River

253. In this role Hutchinson took a leading role in the December 2012 campaign of protests and road blockades by loyalists following Belfast City Council passing a resolution to end the practice of flying the Union flag from Belfast City Hall all year round and instead to limit its use to certain designated days.
Nom : road blockades by loyalists
OVM : loyalists block roads

254. Insolvency practitioner Ottmar Hermann followed some of the approach seen with the earlier insolvency of Woolworths' German business, and the Karmann business is emerging with little independence, but supported by significant cash investment from long-standing customer Volkswagen.
Nom : cash investment from long-standing customer Volkswagen
OVM : long-standing customer Volkswagen invests cash

255. Interviewer evaluations of applicant responses also tend to be colored by how an applicant behaves in the interview.
Nom : interviewer evaluations of applicant responses
MVO : interviewers evaluate applicant responses

256. It deals with the influence of genetic variation on drug response in patients by correlating gene expression or single-nucleotide polymorphisms with a drug's efficacy or toxicity.
Nom : drug response in patients
OVM : patients respond to drugs

257. It faced war damage to its economy and the problems of mass migration due to the expulsion of ethnic Germans from areas east of the Oder-Neisse Line.
Nom : war damage to its economy
MVO : the war damages its economy

258. Jack Shaheen, in his book "Reel Bad Arabs", surveyed more than 900 film appearances of Arab characters.
Nom : film appearances of Arab characters
OVM : Arab characters appear in films

259. Kodály became interested in the music education of children in 1925 when he overheard some students singing songs that they had learned at school.
Nom : music education of children
VOM : educate children about music

260. Lloyd Webber made his professional debut at the Queen Elizabeth Hall, London in September 1972 when he gave the first London performance of the Cello Concerto by Sir Arthur Bliss.
Nom : London performance of the Cello Concerto
VOM : perform the Cello Concerto in London

261. Most Ironman events have a strict time limit of 17 hours to complete the race.
Nom : time limit of 17 hours
VMO : limit time to 17 hours

262. mpeachment of ministers has been a fairly commonly used tactic in the power struggle between the president and the assembly during the last several governments.
Nom : power struggle between the president and the assembly
OVM : the president and the assembly struggle for power

263. New Left targets ranged from the SDS to the InterUniversity Committee for Debate on Foreign Policy, from Antioch College ("vanguard of the New Left") to the New Mexico Free University and other "alternate" schools, and from underground newspapers to students' protesting university censorship of a student publication by carrying signs with four-letter words on them.
Nom : university censorship of a student publication
MVO : the university censors a student publication

264. Only large DCI corps typically have the funding and time commitment from members to participate in DCI's touring circuit, where corps spend the majority of the summer traveling around the continent performing at different local and regional contests.
Nom : time commitment from members
OVM : members commit time

265. Piłsudski was supported by several leftist factions, who ensured the success of his coup by blocking the railway transportation of government forces.
Nom : railway transportation of government forces
VOM : transport government forces by railway

266. Police investigations into the mob took hold after boss Nick Civella was recorded discussing gambling bets on Super Bowl IV (where the Kansas City Chiefs defeated the Minnesota Vikings).
Nom : police investigations into the mob
MVO : the police investigates the mob

267. Since the IBM acquisition of Lotus in 1995, some industry analysts and mainstream business press writers, along with IBM competitors, have made repeated predictions of the decline or impending demise of IBM Notes and Domino.
Nom : IBM acquisition of Lotus
MVO : IBM acquires Lotus

268. Some Member States, in particular France, and all farming professional organisations wanted to maintain strong state intervention in agriculture.
Nom : state intervention in agriculture
MVO : the state intervenes in agriculture

269. Sports participation among college women has risen from 372 percent over that time, from 32,000 to more than 150,000 women (McDonagh, Pappano, 2008, 108).
Nom : sports participation among college women
OVM : college women participate in sports

270. Texas A&M ranks 13th among U.S. research universities in exchange agreements with institutions abroad and student participation in study abroad programs, and has strong research collaborations with the National Natural Science Foundation of China and many leading universities in China.
Nom : student participation in study abroad programs
MVO : students participate in study abroad programs

271. The Catholic Church leadership was divided between those like Archbishop of Dublin John Charles McQuaid who believed that it was the exclusive right of all parents to provide healthcare for their child, and younger moderates like William Philbin who saw some merit in state assistance to families.
Nom : state assistance to families
MVO : the state assists families

272. The CCC is a work development program specifically for men and women between the ages of 18 to 25, offering work in environmental conservation, fire protection, land maintenance, and emergency response to natural disasters.
Nom : emergency response to natural disasters
VOM : respond to natural disasters in an emergency

273. The Center for Forensic Research & Education performed an independent laboratory evaluation of 10 on-site oral fluid devices.
Nom : laboratory evaluation of 10 on-site oral fluid devices
VOM : evaluate 10 on-site oral fluid devices at the laboratory
VOM : evaluate 10 on-site oral fluid devices in a laboratory


274. The choice to introduce a shrimp burger was no coincidence, as a 1989 study stated that world consumption of shrimp was "led by Japan."
Nom : world consumption of shrimp
MVO : the world consumes shrimp

275. The elder Jacob, of Dutch descent, was a New York building contractor and superintended the roof construction of the Church of Notre Dame.
Nom : roof construction of the Church of Notre Dame
VMO : construct the roof of the Church of Notre Dame

276. The first home delivery of a meal on wheels following World War II was made by the WVS in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, England in 1943.
Nom : home delivery of a meal
VOM : deliver a meal to a home

277. The International Helsinki Federation for Human Rights reported that police abuse of suspects, particularly during initial arrest and detention, and police harassment of ethnic minorities is ongoing.
Nom : police abuse of suspects
MVO : the police abuses suspects

278. The National Anthem Project toured the United States in 2006, making "Road Show" stops in every state and Washington, D.C. The Road Shows featured music performances by student ensembles, an interactive education center, and music education advocacy materials.
Nom : music performances by student ensembles
OVM : student ensembles perform music

279. The road changes names to North Road at Main Street, and county maintenance of the highway resumes at the north village line as CR 61.
Nom : county maintenance of the highway
MVO : the county maintains the highway

280. The school is involved in a study of the prehistoric and historic landscape at Slievemore, incorporating a research excavation at a number of sites within the deserted village of Slievemore.
Nom : research excavation at a number of sites
VOM : excavate a number of sites for research

281. The school year was lengthened, school attendance for children was mandated, and the legislature created a Text Book Commission to assist local school boards in adopting textbooks.
Nom : school attendance for children
OVM : children attend school

282. The team makes home visits to patients to ensure that they continue to receive care for their conditions.
Nom : home visits to patients
VOM : visit patients at home

283. The total annual river discharge into the sea is 210 km3 and is relatively constant through the year, except for a minor increase in July.
Nom : river discharge into the sea
MVO : the river discharges into the sea

284. The UNHCR, which mainly partners with the Syrian Red Crescent, also runs a number of educational, professional development, and psychosocial support programs; it additionally offers food, critical household goods, and direct cash assistance to some refugees.
Nom : cash assistance to some refugees
VOM : assist some refugees with cash

285. The warming Arctic climate and summer shrinkage of the iced area has attracted the attention of many countries, such as China and the United States, toward the top of the world, where resources and shipping routes may soon be exploitable.
Nom : summer shrinkage of the iced area
OVM : the iced area shrinks in the summer

286. The catchphrase conclusion to each evening's broadcast, "Good night, Chet; Good night, David," entered the language, and it was followed by the beginning of the second movement of Beethoven's 9th Symphony, played as the program credits rolled.
Nom : catchphrase conclusion to each evening's broadcast
VOM : conclude each evening's broadcast with a catchphrase

287. The family control of the firm (later Longmans, Green & Co.) was continued by Thomas Norton Longman, son of Thomas Longman.
Nom : family control of the firm
MVO : the family controls the firm

288. The power consumption of a vacuum cleaner, in watts, is often the only figure stated.
Nom : power consumption of a vacuum cleaner
OVM : a vacuum cleaner consumes power

289. There is, also present, sporadic rains and cyclical floods which result in water erosion of the terrain, which made some parts of the valley uninhabitable, which influenced the settlement pattern of Cahuachi.
Nom : water erosion of the terrain
MVO : water erodes the terrain

290. Tire maintenance for motor vehicles is depended on by several factors.
Nom : tire maintenance for motor vehicles
VMO : maintain the tires of motor vehicles

291. Under communism, state ownership of businesses was estimated to be 97%.
Nom : state ownership of businesses
MVO : the state owns businesses

292. Waste and sewage are two major problems for cities, as is air pollution from various forms of combustion, including fireplaces, wood or coal-burning stoves, other heating systems, and internal combustion engines.
Nom : air pollution from various forms of combustion
OVM : various forms of combustion pollute the air

293. While historically presidents initiated the process for going to war, they asked for and received formal war declarations from Congress for the War of 1812, the Mexican–American War, the Spanish–American War, World War I, and World War II, although President Theodore Roosevelt's military move into Panama in 1903 did not get congressional approval.
Nom : war declarations from Congress
OVM : Congress declares war

294. Winter maintenance of roads and streets is managed by a local authority.
Nom : winter maintenance of roads and streets
VOM : maintain roads and streets during winter

295. Written by and named after Senator Caleb H. Baumes, the chairman of the New York State Crime Commission, the law called for the automatic life imprisonment of any criminal convicted of more than three separate felonies, without regard to the nature of the offense or any attendant circumstances.
Nom : life imprisonment of any criminal
VOM : imprison any criminal for life

296. A 2007 NASA analysis of impact avoidance strategies using various technologies stated:
Nom : NASA analysis of impact avoidance strategies
MVO : NASA analyses impact avoidance strategies
MVO : NASA analyzes impact avoidance strategies


297. A shorthand definition of a license is "an authorization (by the licensor) to use the licensed material (by the licensee)."
Nom : shorthand definition of a license
VOM : define a license in shorthand

298. A character analysis of Rita asserts that her actions are the most genuine of the first portion of the film, since she has no memory and nothing to use as a frame of reference for how to behave.
Nom : character analysis of Rita
VMO : analyse the character of Rita
VMO : analyze the character of Rita


299. Abolition of the rule has been accomplished by enactment of statutory criminal codes, which had the effect of displacing the common-law definitions of crimes and corresponding defenses.
Nom : common law definitions of crime
MVO : the common law defines crime

300. After this the legislation did prevent a cash distribution to members of less than two years standing, but the same result was obtained by permitting the issue of 'free' shares in the acquiring Plc, saleable for cash.
Nom : cash distribution to members
VMO : distribute cash to members

301. After three seasons of excavation and laboratory analysis of artifacts, it is believed that this vessel was a ship involved in the December 18, 1782, evacuation of Charleston at the end of the American Revolution, carrying Loyalist refugees and troops to St. Augustine, which was a loyal British colony at the time.
Nom : laboratory analysis of artifacts
VOM : analyse artifacts at the laboratory
VOM : analyze artifacts at the laboratory
VOM : analyse artifacts in the laboratory
VOM : analyze artifacts in the laboratory


302. But luckily the job definition of a Distinguished Engineer is "you're supposed to be the world's leading expert in your field, so you figure out what would be most important for the company for you to work on." Therefore, Dr. Nielsen ended up spending most of his time at Sun defining the emerging field of web usability.
Nom : job definition of a Distinguished Engineer
VMO : define the job of a Distinguished Engineer

303. In a 1970 survey, the "New York Times" suggested a consensus definition of a minicomputer as a machine costing less than with an input-output device such as a teleprinter and at least 4K words of memory, that is capable of running programs in a higher level language, such as Fortran or BASIC.
Nom : consensus definition of a minicomputer
VOM : define a minicomputer by consensus

304. In February 2014, PEER attorneys wrote to the school district asking for a site assessment of the campus.
Nom : site assessment of the campus
VOM : assess the campus on site

305. In some cases, Plato spoke as if the perfect circle functioned as the form or blueprint for all copies and for the word definition of "circle".
Nom : word definition of "circle"
VMO : define the word "circle"

306. Its functions relate to the risk assessment of offenders whose liberty presents a risk to the public at large and minimising risk in respect of a small number of serious violent and sexual offenders who may be or have been sentenced to the Order for Lifelong Restriction.
Nom : risk assessment of offenders
VMO : assess the risk of offenders

307. Most drugs are rated by the Food and Drug Administration to a pregnancy category, which is a government assessment of the risk to the fetus that drug use by the mother incurs.
Nom : government assessment of the risk
MVO : the government assesses the risk

308. Nineteenth-century interpretations of myth were often highly comparative, seeking a common origin for all myths.
Nom : nineteenth century interpretations of myth
VOM : interpret myths in the nineteenth century

309. Rudolf Hilferding is credited with first bringing the term finance capitalism into prominence, with his (1910) study of the links between German trusts, banks, and monopolies before World War I – a study subsumed by Lenin into his wartime analysis of the imperialist relations of the great world powers.
Nom : wartime analysis of the imperialist relations of the great world powers
VOM : analyze the imperialist relations of the great world powers during wartime
VOM : analyze the imperialist relations of the great world powers in wartime
VOM : analyse the imperialist relations of the great world powers in wartime
VOM : analyse the imperialist relations of the great world powers during wartime


310. Since each case is different, court interpretations of the statutory law gets evolved and have either narrowed or widened their scope.
Nom : court interpretations of the statutory law
MVO : the court interprets the statutory law

311. The field of psychology has long been fascinated with the personality assessment of dictators, a notion that resulted in an extensive personality evaluation of Kim Jong-il.
Nom : personality assessment of dictators
VMO : assess the personality of dictators

312. The memoranda documented intelligence assessments of the terrorist threats to the United States and to U.S. interests abroad from al-Qa'ida and affiliated terrorist organizations.
Nom : intelligence assessments of the terrorist threats
MVO : the intelligence assesses the terrorist threats

313. The Wisconsin State Capitol is the tallest building in Madison, a distinction that has been preserved by city legislation against buildings taller than the columns surrounding the dome (187 feet).
Nom : city legislation against buildings
MVO : the city legislates against buildings

314. This changed, however, after the UN definition of torture was outlined in detail in the 1984 Convention Against Torture (CAT).
Nom : UN definition of torture
MVO : The UN defines torture

315. Under cross-examination from Greenwald, however, each of them, Dr. Lundeen in particular, acknowledges that some of Queeg's traits do come close to the textbook definition of paranoia.
Nom : textbook definition of paranoia
MVO : textbooks define paranoia

316. According to this view, the pure interest rate is determined by the time preferences of the individuals in society.
Nom : time period preferences of the individuals
OVM : individuals prefer a time period

317. In 1982, President Ronald Reagan presented him with the Kennedy Center honors award, a national tribute for life achievement in the arts.
Nom : his life achievement in the arts
VOM : achieve in the arts throughout his life

318. Other career distinctions by team members include Dischinger's NBA Rookie of the Year Award (an award also received by Robertson, Bellamy, and Lucas) and Adrian Smith's NBA All-Star Game MVP in 1966.
Nom : their career distinctions by team members
OVM : team members distinguish their career

319. At the lowest point of their career, the duo put together a nightclub routine which relied on a more adult approach to sound and style.
Nom : adult approach to sound and style
VOM : approach sound and style as adults

320. Changes in government approaches towards education meant that it was no longer regarded adequate for a child to leave education aged 14, as that is the age when they were seen to really understand and appreciate the value of education, as well as being the period when adolescence was at its height.
Nom : government approaches towards education
MVO : the government approaches education

321. One division was based at Bantry Bay, protecting sea approaches to the British Isles; the second was based at Ponta Delgada in the Azores, protecting routes to that vital island.
Nom : sea approaches to the British Isles
VOM : approach the British Isles by sea

322. The Manhattan approach to the bridge is supported on a series of Guastavino tile vaults which now form the elegant ceiling of the Food Emporium Bridge Market and the restaurant Guastavino's, located under the bridge.
Nom : Manhattan approach to the bridge
VOM : approach the bridge from Manhattan

323. Throughout the 1970s, influenced by the great glassblowing tradition of Murano, Chihuly experimented with the team approach to glassblowing.
Nom : team approach to glassblowing
VOM : approach glassblowing as a team

324. Under the leadership of its first Vice-Chancellor, Lord Butterworth, Warwick was one of the first UK universities to adopt a business approach to higher education, develop close links with the business community and exploit the commercial value of its research.
Nom : business approach to higher education
VOM : approach higher education as a business

325. While light, highly maneuverable aircraft did have some advantages in fighter-versus-fighter combat, those could usually be overcome by sound tactical doctrine, and the design approach of the Italians and Japanese made their planes ill-suited as interceptors or attack aircraft.
Nom : design approach of the Italians and Japanese
OVM : the Italians and Japanese approach design

326. A business reference model is a means to describe the business operations of an organization, independent of the organizational structure that perform them.
Nom : business operations of an organization
OVM : an organization operates its business
OVM : an organization operates for business


327. A newly appointed Foreign Minister makes his or her first state visit to Sweden.
Nom : state representative visit to Sweden
VOM : visit Sweden as state representative

328. According to its 2013 research report on the future competitiveness of cities, in 2025, Dubai will have moved up to 23rd place overall in the Index.
Nom : research report on the future competitiveness of cities
VMO : report on research of the future competitiveness of cities

329. Additionally, students should be prepared to provide information regarding examples of online successes and involvement in summer programs, academic competitions, extra-curricular activities, community service hours, and essay responses to biographical inquiries.
Nom : essay responses to biographical inquiries
VOM : respond to biographical inquiries in an essay

330. After "Unakkaga Ellam Unakkaga" (1998) and "Rishi" (2000), Sundar C. and Yuvan Shankar Raja worked together for the third time for the music composition of this film.
Nom : music composition of this film
VMO : compose music for this film

331. After a brief family relocation to Manchester, Georgiana moved on her marriage into Russell Street in 1860.
Nom : family relocation to Manchester
MVO : the family relocates to Manchester
VMO : relocate family to Manchester


332. After working as a civil engineer on the Dean Forest railway, he went (1861) to Italy, where he resided for the next 33 years, taking a considerable part in the railway construction of the peninsula, and at the same time keeping alive the Hungarian independence question by a whole series of pamphlets and newspaper articles.
Nom : railway construction of the peninsula
VMO : construct railway in the peninsula
VMO : construct the railway of the peninsula


333. An official alliance with the 91st Regiment (Canadian Highlanders) of the Canadian Militia was later recognized by that regiment changing its official title to The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada (Princess Louise's) and adopting the dress distinctions of the regiment in Scotland.
Nom : dress distinctions of the regiment
VOM : distinguish the regiment by dress

334. Apart from practical implications of this, especially if English literacy is also low (i.e., written communication, education opportunities), it means that traditional stories are either not recorded in written form, or the Ngukurr people must rely on texts from Barunga, which may lessen the identity distinction between the two groups.
Nom : identity distinction between the two groups
VMO : distinguish identity of the two groups
OVM : the two groups distinguish their identities


335. As the sole criterion for student admissions into universities in Iran, Concours has gone through many phases.
Nom : student admissions into universities in Iran
OVM : universities in Iran admit students
VMO : admit students to universities in Iran


336. At the time, Island Volunteers itself had been criticised for cutting other services so it could concentrate on Solent TV, including removing a service that offered free home improvements for elderly people.
Nom : home improvements for elderly people
VMO : improve homes for elderly people
VMO : improve the homes of elderly people


337. Both had heard composer and music critic Deems Taylor provide intermission commentary during radio broadcasts of the New York Philharmonic, and agreed he would be most suitable for the role.
Nom : radio broadcasts of the New York Philharmonic
VOM : broadcast the New York Philharmonic on the radio
MVO : the radio broadcasts the New York Philharmonic


338. Completion of GAP was scheduled for 2010 but has been delayed because the World Bank has withheld funding due to the lack of an official agreement on water sharing between Turkey and the downstream states on the Euphrates and the Tigris.
Nom : water sharing between Turkey and the downstream states
VMO : sharing water between Turkey and the downstream states on the Euphrates and the Tigris.
OVM : Turkey and the downstream states share water


339. Despite the off-season acquisitions of several players, such as Shannon Byrnes, Tom Gillies, Chris Dawes, David Rodan and Jack Viney, the Demons underachieved in the first half of the 2013 season, managing just one win in their first 11 games.
Nom : off season acquisitions of several players
VOM : acquire several players in the off-season
VOM : acquire several players during the off season


340. Figures from the Tourism Satellite Accounting Research, conducted by WTTC (World Travel & Tourism Council) project a worldwide increase in revenues in business travel to Greece from US $1.51 bn. in 2001 to US $2.69 bn. in 2011.
Nom : business travel to Greece
VOM : travel to Greece for business

341. He will be the patron saint of American possibility." Similarly, the fact that Ruth played when a relatively small portion of his fans had the opportunity to see him play, in the era before television coverage of baseball, allowed his legend to grow through word of mouth and the hyperbole of sports reporters.
Nom : television coverage of baseball
VOM : cover baseball on television
MVO : the television covers baseball


342. Hollingsworth received 50 per cent of his fee from the City of Moscow, with the rest coming from television sales to other countries.
Nom : television sales to other countries
VMO : sell televisions to other countries

343. In "United States v. Wrightwood Dairy Co." (1942) the Court upheld federal price regulation of intrastate milk commerce, stating:
Nom : price regulation of intrastate milk commerce
VMO : regulate price in intrastate milk commerce
VMO : regulate price of intrastate milk commerce


344. In 1920, Chicagoans approved a bond referendum to pay for landfill construction of the peninsula, and in 1922 construction began.
Nom : landfill construction of the peninsula
VMO : construct landfills of the peninsula

345. In Africa, in order to reach the seven percent annual growth calculated to be required to meet the MDGs by 2015 would require infrastructure investments of about fifteen percent of GDP, or around US$93 billion a year.
Nom : infrastructure investments of about fifteen percent of GDP
VOM : invest about fifteen percent of GDP in infrastructure

346. In the 2004 Booker Prize–winning novel "The Line of Beauty", written by Alan Hollinghurst, two of the main characters attempt to get financing for a film production of the story; this plot point is also included in the 2006 three-part BBC Two serial of the same name, adapted for television by Andrew Davies.
Nom : film production of the story
MVO : the film tells the story
VMO : produce a film for the story


347. In this way, all aspects of the clinical problem are canvassed in one phone call without impairing the emergency response of the transport team.
Nom : emergency response of the transport team
OVM : the transport team responds in an emergency
OVM : the transport team responds to the emergency


348. Its significance lay in its position in the centre of some of Lowland Scotland's most agriculturally fertile areas, and its position upon the River Tweed, which allowed river transport of goods via the main seaport of Berwick-upon-Tweed.
Nom : river transport of goods
VOM : transport goods on the river
VOM : transport goods via the river


349. Most alternative medical treatments are not patentable, which may lead to less research funding from the private sector.
Nom : research funding from the private sector
OVM : the private sector funds research

350. n a 2011 university ranking of Quacquarelli Symonds the Austral University of Chile was ranked 30th among Latin American universities, 5th among Chilean universities and second among Chilean universities outside Santiago.
Nom : university ranking of Quacquarelli Symonds
OVM : Quacquarelli Symonds ranks universities

351. Other factors, including the amount of residual vision, overall health, and family commitment to rehabilitation, are also considered when determining candidates for retinal implants.
Nom : family commitment to rehabilitation
MVO : the family supports rehabilitation

352. Power and temperature regulation of the domes would come from atomic driven generators outside of these domes.
Nom : temperature regulation of the domes
VMO : regulate temperature of the domes
VMO : regulate temperature in the domes


353. Roads came early to Sittingbourne, with the Roman construction of Watling Street.
Nom : Roman times construction of Watling Street
VOM : construct Watling Street during Roman times

354. Roselle School District 12 is located entirely in the Village of Roselle and consists of two local schools: Spring Hills Elementary and Roselle Middle School with a school enrollment of approximately 700 students.
Nom : school enrollment of approximately 700 students
OVM : approximately 700 students enroll in school

355. This helps to facilitate myriad academic and research collaborations between the two schools,
Nom : research collaborations between the two schools
OVM : the two schools collaborate in research
MOV : researchers from the two schools collaborate


356. This journey was made by Queen Victoria in 1847, but by the mid-1850s the completion of the western railway link between London and Scotland over Shap Fell rendered Fleetwood's role as a transport terminus obsolete.
Nom : railway link between London and Scotland
MVO : the railway links London and Scotland
VOM : link London and Scotland by railway


357. To acknowledge outstanding research contributions to mathematics, through the awarding of scientific prizes and to encourage and support other international mathematical activities, considered likely to contribute to the development of mathematical science in any of its aspects, whether pure, applied, or educational.
Nom : research contributions to mathematics
MVO : researchers contributes to mathematics
MVO : research contributes to mathematics


358. UAL was ranked 102nd out of 124 for graduate prospects, and 123rd out of 124 for student satisfaction with teaching.
Nom : student satisfaction with teaching
OVM : the teaching satisfies the students

359. When the time came to move tactical air units to Korean airfields, Fifth Air Force did not deploy its permanent wings because they were heavily committed to the air defense of Japan.
Nom : air defense of Japan
VOM : defend Japan in the air

360. While poised to grow, river access to the community was stymied by a massive and ancient log jam in the river which prevented large ships from being able to port.
Nom : river access to the community
VOM : access the community via the river

361. Cizik has described himself as a "advocate for pro-life policies without exception." He supports government distribution of contraception.
Nom : contraceptive distribution of contraception
MVO : the government distributes contraceptives

362. In 2006, Corona Power, LLC sought and won a substantial reduction in the tax assessment of the property.
Nom : tax assessment of the property
VMO : assess the tax of the property
VMO : assess the tax for the property


363. The weekly party was known for its massive street distribution of flyers and invites, which was controlled by an affiliated promotion company called "Urban Works," that both created and promoted events at many New York City nightclubs.
Nom : street distribution of flyers and invites
VOM : distribute flyers and invites on the street

364. The home distribution of anime releases were popularized in the 1980s with the VHS and Laser Disc formats
Nom : home distribution of anime releases
VOM : distribute anime releases to homes
VOM : distribute anime releases in homes


365. Witt played Kriemhild in this film interpretation of the epic poem "Das Nibelungenlied".
Nom : film interpretation of the epic poem
VOM : interpret the epic poem in film
VOM : interpret the epic poem as a film


366. He would come in second in the Mr. Universe competition, not having the muscle definition of American winner Chester Yorton.
Nom : muscle definition of American winner Chester Yorton
VMO : define the muscles of American winner Chester Yorton

367. However, anti-Semitism was not central to Bakunin's work, which stressed proletarian internationalism and a class analysis of society.
Nom : class analysis of society
VOM : analyse society by class
VOM : analyze social class
VOM : analyse social class
VOM : analyze society by class


368. The scholarly detective work of Douglass Adair in 1944 postulated the following assignments of authorship, corroborated in 1964 by a computer analysis of the text:
Nom : computer analysis of the text
MVO : the computer analyses the text
VOM : analyze text with a computer
MVO : the computer analyzes the text


